C2: Each route in main.js has comments describing purpose, inputs, and outputs
• C3: Code is laid out clearly with consistent indenting
• C4: Each database interaction has comments describing the purpose, inputs, and outputs
• C5: Functions and variables have meaningful names, with a consistent naming style


List of requirements

R1 Home page:

    R1A: Application name of the web application is displayed under navigation bar

    R1B: Navigation bar is displayed at top of all pages

    The code is located in views/index.html and routes/main.js


R2 About page:

    R2A: My name and a short description are displayed under navigation bar.
         Navigation bar displays links to other pages.

    The code is located in views/about.html and routes/main.js


R3 Add device page:

    R3A: A form utilizing radio buttons displays devices to add to database.
         Each device can be added to multiple rooms/areas of the house.
         When the radio button is selected the matching form is displayed with options that are already in the database disabled.

    R3B: Data is collected from forms and passed into main.js file via post method.
         Main.js file inserts data into relevant columns in mysql database

    R3C: Only relevant fields/forms are displayed.
         Radio buttons are used to display the relevant options for a given selected form.

    R3D: Forms are validated that something is submitted.
         Due to the design of the forms incorrect values, or values out of range, are mostly not an option.

    The code is located in views/add.html, views/add.js and routes/main.js


R4 Show device status page:

    R4A: A list of devices that have been added to the database is shown

    R4B: Relevant information is displayed for the device

    R4C: Since the list is populated directly from the database only data relevant to the device is shown

    The code is located in views/status.html and routes/main.js


R5 Update device status page:

    R5A: A list of devices that have been added to the database is shown in a form. Selecting the checkbox allows the user to turn off the device.

    R5B: The names of the devices in the database are displayed

    The code is located in views/update.html and routes/main.js


R6  Delete device page:

    R6A: A list of devices that have been added to the database is shown in a form. Selecting the checkbox allows the user to remove the item.


Database structure

    There is one table that stores all the data.

    The columns are:
    FIELD       TYPE          NULL   KEY  EXTRA
    id,         int,          NO,    PRI  auto_increment
    name,       varchar(50),  YES,   UNI  ""
    is_open,    tinyint(1),   YES,   ""   ""
    is_on,      tinyint(1),   YES,   ""   ""
    is_locked,  tinyint(1),   YES,   ""   ""
    degrees,    smallint,     YES,   ""   ""
    percent,    tinyint,      YES,   ""   ""
    station,    smallint,     YES,   ""   ""
